Readme.md, before:

# Airnode Client Starter (RSK)

### Set Up Test Your Wallet

1. [Configure MetaMask for RSK Testnet](https://developers.rsk.co/wallet/use/metamask/).

2. [Create a new test account](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015289452-How-to-create-an-additional-account-in-your-MetaMask-wallet). DO NOT use a mainnet account as we'll be insecurely exporting and handling the private key.

3. [Fund your test account](https://faucet.rsk.co/) with the RSK Testnet faucet. You can add 0.05 RBTC to your test wallet per day.

4. [Export your test wallet private key](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015289632-How-to-Export-an-Account-Private-Key). You'll need it in the next section.

### Set Up and Run the Code

1. Install the dependencies.
```
npm install
```

2. Compile the ExampleClient contract.
```
npx hardhat compile
```

3. Setup the requester and contract on RSK Testnet.
```
npx hardhat run scripts/setup.js --network testnet
```

4. Make a request.
```
npx hardhat run scripts/make-request.js --network testnet
```

Commit message:

Place holder for the test wallet private key

Readme.md, after:

# Airnode Client Starter (RSK)

### Set Up Test Your Wallet

1. [Configure MetaMask for RSK Testnet](https://developers.rsk.co/wallet/use/metamask/).

2. [Create a new test account](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015289452-How-to-create-an-additional-account-in-your-MetaMask-wallet). DO NOT use a mainnet account as we'll be insecurely exporting and handling the private key.

3. [Fund your test account](https://faucet.rsk.co/) with the RSK Testnet faucet. You can add 0.05 RBTC to your test wallet per day.

4. [Export your test wallet private key](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015289632-How-to-Export-an-Account-Private-Key). You'll need it in the next section.

### Set Up and Run the Code

1. Install the dependencies.
```
npm install
```

2. Compile the ExampleClient contract.
```
npx hardhat compile
```

3. Setup the requester and contract on RSK Testnet. Put your test wallet private key in setup.js and then run...
```
npx hardhat run scripts/setup.js --network testnet
```

4. Make a request.
```
npx hardhat run scripts/make-request.js --network testnet
```
